Add docs for audit (#11)
sense-finance/auto-roller: README.md

* Admin - they deploy the auto-rolling vault. At any time, they can change the space factory address, periphery address, owner address, series duration, the max post-action fixed rate, and the cooldown period via the `AutoRoller`. However, they do not have the privilege to set the market fixed rate of the new series.

## Implementation Details
The auto-roller conforms to the [ERC4626](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-4626) standard as a single token vault that takes in and returns a target asset (i.e.  a [yield-bearing asset](https://medium.com/sensefinance/yield-in-the-defi-economy-3a83eb24ecba), such as wstETH), while managing Space Pool LP shares, target, principal tokens (PTs), and yield tokens (YTs) over time such that depositors can passively and continuously provide liquidity without having to roll their position manually.

Here are some important concepts to understand so you know how the auto-roller works from a more technical perspective.

### Contracts
* `AutoRoller` - the ERC4626 vault that owns a unique sense adapter and permits unprotected LP actions.

> * `AutoRollerFactory` - onchain factory for easy deployment of new auto-roller instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `AutoRollerFactory` - on-chain factory for easy deployment of new auto-roller instances.

```

#team-on-chain
